do not
how about friends how are they in this
I'm going to teach you how to do these
easy earrings that are filigree and
what are you going to be able to do with the earrings
that you have what you missed and
you have one piece left, those are going to be
what you will be able to use and the
materials that we will need are
we're going to need two strips these are from
Size of plus or minus 1 to 2
centimeters depends on the size that you
go to love all your earrings too
another strip half a centimeter wide and
a pair of scissors we will also need
silicon resistol either white or
bar and this these earrings that you already
good in this case that I already stopped
use because I missed the other pair
we're going to need the back of
these earrings
now we will begin we will take our
pull 2 centimeters and we're going to put you
resistol and we will stick it with the other one
make a much longer strip
since we hit well we're going to take
our scissors and we're going to cut well
this way we're going to do like a few
cuts so tiny throughout this
strip without reaching the end
leaving it still united let's say it like that and
we will cut as well as if we were
cutting making a little skirt let's say it
well since we did all that we'll do the
same step that we always do with the
filigree that will be coiled or rolled
our paper so we are going to roll it up
everything and we're going to match so they're
to the same size ok so that it is not going to
leave the strip
and from there we will hit it in this way
since we hit like this now let's look
the center of our of our figure and
let's start doing like that to the wings
bandages to make it look and crush more
since we did it well now what
we will leave and we will take our strip the
skinny that is going to be the center and let's go
to roll up like we do with the
filigree if you do not know how below I leave you
videos of how to do it because there are more
figures that you can use already from there
we will stick with resistol and what follows
will be put resistol in the middle and paste
there is right in the middle of our flower and
we will take our scissors and match
we have like this to make a circle
so that it looks straight and does not
they give as well as that disheveled
and ready we have our flower now
we will take one of these pins that are
that are for the earrings that I tell them
I used those that of earrings that I have already
lost we're going to put silicon and the
let's hit back
since we hit in this way with a lot
be careful because remember that you are
hot
let's take and put more silicone res
a re around and over we're going to
paste a little circle of the same color
our of our flower so that it
keep fixed what we're going to put right in
means of ball earring piquito of
earring so that it looks good and so we are going to
to be able to strengthen it and not fall down so
fast and ready with this let's finish
our earrings remember that you can
make different colors or equal
different sizes we see each other until the
next
bye if you liked this video do not forget
give him a little hand up remember
subscribe for more tutorials too
I leave you my previous video and I leave you my
next video I also put you here
down my facebook if you want
contact me remember that you are what
what you think you are and believe is to create us
we see until the next
bye